[IMP] upgrade: updating screenshots and process steps (#2999)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/upgrade/odoo_online.rst

   .. image:: odoo_online/accessing-my-databases.png
      :alt: Selecting My Databases under my profile

> #. Click on the :guilabel:`Up arrow button` next to your main database name to proceed to the test

Reviewer: I think you can leave it out of the guilabel, since it's a description of the button

   upgrade.

>    .. image:: odoo_online/upgrade-option.png

Reviewer: the new image seems blurry.
Also, we can replace the name of the database with the chrome's inspection tool, instead of blurring the name.
e.g., `example-database`

Author: I received the screenshot via discord from the upgrade team as I don't have access to databases. I tried to re do the screenhsot of the screenshot opening the image on my other screen. Let me know if less blurry now. From my side it looks ok.

   .. image:: odoo_online/upgrade-option.png
      :alt: Selecting the action settings icon

#. In the pop-up message that will appear, select Test Upgrade.
#. In the pop-up message that appears, select the target version and then :guilabel:`Test` as
   purpose.

   .. image:: odoo_online/select-test-upgrade.png

>       :alt: Selecting test upgrade

Reviewer: You forgot to delete the related file.

>       The :guilabel:`Production` purpose doesn't appear if you didn’t test your upgraded database at

Reviewer: Curly from copy-paste
```suggestion
      The :guilabel:`Production` purpose doesn't appear if you didn't test your upgraded database at
```
